Patch assignment: 

My first update would be that the all the course readings would be online. It's possible to scan and have these items made available, even if copyright permissions had to arrange ahead of time. The University of Toronto under the Access Copyright and Fair dealing provisions stipulate that up to 20% of a work can be reproduced for educational purposes, and so with that concession, it would have made it a lot more convenient for those enrolled in the class. 
http://www.accesscopyright.ca/media/37605/uoft_westernu_aucc_accc_faq_08_07_2013.pdf 

I once had a professor who would repeat the following in every class: Repetition is the key to learning. He'd keep saying this over and over again, and I must have taken this class over 10 years ago. Either way, I remember the quote because it was repeated a million times, but also because it's true.  Having said that, having to read and report back on several readings twice a week and then summarize them into a memo, omits the possibility of repetition altogether.  The memo process would have been more beneficial to me if I had a chance to thoroughly go over and report on one reading as opposed to all the readings for the week. I believe this would have added a greater level of depth to the course reading experience.

In a cataloguing class I recently completed, we spend two classes in a lab in the basement, actually cataloguing.  I think the same could have been done in this class. Where we decided on a project, I don't know something very simple and then getting it to come together. I understand we're not all coders, I'm not one for sure, but I also know that understanding the basics, and then seeing the theory materialize works well to cement a lesson for me. I understand that we've been asked to contribute to the github surface, but I have not found it very intuitive, and after playing around with it for a while, have decided to simple add content here. It would have been nice to have had a guide the first time around.

Finally, I agreed with some of the suggestions made about lecturing. I agree that solid lecturing in when teaching open source may not be the best approach, but a few lectures would have been interesting. As noted, you really know the topic, and your way of engaging with the literature on open source is thoughtful, but also radical. You ask and answer a lot of whys, and I found that you took on a curious disposition when discussing the content. Yes, but why? A few lectures on what lay beneath the apparent surface of the decisions that drove the movement's culture would have added value to the course I believe.
